nopal juice of lemon tar and
aloe for diabetics nopal juice
lemon and aloe vera is a great help for
health of diabetics since it is a
good way to control and reduce the
blood sugar ingredients 3 lemons
one cactus half cup of purified water 2
garlic cloves a bit of aloe
Fresh preparation washes the lemons the
nopal and aloe remove this
thorns on the banks extract the juice
of the lemons peel the garlic liquefy all
the ingredients perfectly serves what
in a glass and taken immediately note
this juice is taken for a week
you rest eight days and take it again
one week more properties this juice is
excellent to control and reduce the
blood sugar level by the
wise mix of all its ingredients
properties of lemon the lemon is a
Great source of vitamin C and vitamin B
out
for system conditions
respiratory is stimulating the liver
combat old age eliminates uric acid
short fever is healing and
disinfectant properties of nopal el
Nopal is rich in calcium potassium phosphorus
sodium and vitamin c the consumption of this
vegetable is recommended to obtain a
good digestion to control the
diabetes the flu and for people who
they want to lose weight garlic properties
garlic has antibacterial properties
and antivirals help reduce pressure
arterial acts as decongestant
nasal recommended in cases of arthritis
and asthma garlic is a remedy for
diabetics and people who have
cholesterol properties of aloe vera
Aloe Vera is rich in mineral vitamins
strengthens the immune system
recommended to detoxify the
organism in problems ulcers reduces the
blood sugar of patients
diabetics inflammation heals
worming and relieves constipation
if you like the video dale I like it and
subscribe to my channel thanks for watching the
video